hello youtubers my name is jr. and I
want to present this video today to show
you guys a situation that's going on
with one of my customers craftsmen and
without further ado I'll get into it so
what happens is this customer of mine
about this snowblower three years ago
and he didn't want to remove the snow
anymore with it so he purchased the
actually someone passes by and does the
snow for him so he hasn't been using
this and he's put in a storing product
in it and hasn't been using it for three
years so what happened is it hasn't been
hasn't started so basically the thing is
a lot of gunk built up here in the carb
and I already went ahead and cleaned
that out so I took apart the carb here
and on these models here you have inside
this carb here it's all plastic so
basically what I suggest to do is remove
all the seals remove the needle shoot
everything with carb cleaner then again
different models might have different
seals other where sometimes here around
the the tube so you gotta be careful not
to put brake cleaner on that or did the
seals will kind of expand so you don't
want to do that so what I went ahead
here and did I cleaned the carb I put
everything temporarily back together
just to see if the machine would start
then what I would do next is now that I
know it's working fine I'm gonna change
the spark plug change the oil and change
the gas just to make sure that the
customer gets a product in great working
condition so I'm gonna go here and do a
test run and leave it like this and then
we'll put it back together
so now that we know this machine is
working fine I'm gonna go ahead and put
things back together and I'm gonna try
to put them back together a bit showing
you guys what to do in case you have
this particular model we'll make it a
lot easier for you guys to put it back
together so on on here
you got spacers that oh sorry my bad
you got to put it in the filter here
just keeps the gunk off you want to
clean that also with brake cleaner get
all the crap off and you put in its
spacers and then after when the spacers
are done being placed you can go ahead
and put back the cover which I've got
right here so these spacers pretty much
prevent people from over torquing and
getting on to the screen here so they
won't break this screen is pretty
important so we gotta kind of watch out
not to break it or anything by the way
if you guys enjoyed these videos I'm
gonna be doing a series of videos of the
repairing snowmobiles as asari snow
removal lawnmowers tractors weed eaters
anything that has to do with small
engines basically and if you guys enjoy
these I will probably go out and get
myself a better camera so I will be able
to use both of my hands
there we go tools are tightened place
and I'll be back in a second alright so
as you can see I've put everything back
together and this particular customer
here tried taking the work upon himself
and broke these two studs here then I'm
gonna have to drill in and remove these
and probably put some bolts so it'll
make it easier for everybody maybe I put
some some rod and maybe just put some
butterfly nuts on them and we're gonna
try this once more make sure everything
is running smoothly give it a couple
Prime's
and there it is folks so keep in mind if
you are to put the protective product
which is to store your machinery make
sure that you still empty out that
product when the season begins or you
will have probably the same problem this
gentleman had after three years of
storage and if you enjoyed this video
please leave a thumbs up and I'll come
back to you guys with more videos thanks